DOC Update README, contributing.md, GH templates (#2588)
huggingface/peft: docs/source/developer_guides/contributing.md

$ pre-commit install
```

> Running all the tests can take a many minutes, so during development it can be more efficient to only [run tests specific to your change](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/usage.html#specifying-tests-selecting-tests), e.g. via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running all the tests can take a while, so during development it can be more efficient to only [run tests specific to your change](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/usage.html#specifying-tests-selecting-tests), e.g. via:
```
